
This is all about my internship experience at 'Krishagni Solutions Pvt Ltd'. I will not take it too much longer. I will try to put it as much as short. Because I know, most of us don't like to read the stuff except personal interest. So I will try to put it short. My English is not too good, hence there is a possibility of sentence building and grammar mistakes.

This is my first internship. I can't forget my first assignment in my internship. I got it before the joining date. So I started to do a study about it and also I wrote the whole code of that assignment. (Of course, it was the whole source code in my point of view only). On the second day of the joining, I got that, I haven't talked with Boss and I wrote the whole source code. It was the first mistake. From this, the journey of making mistakes and learning from them got started. 

There was not a single day when I did not do a mistake and Boss did not shout on me for that. I was thinking that there nothing important than programming. But after doing two assignments I realized that analysis of the program is very important before writing the code. I understood that, whenever we have to solve the problem, we should understand that problem first, then we have to analyze that problem to check whether it is feasible or not. Then I have to think about the way to solve that problem efficiently. We should discuss it with our mentor and finally when will we get the approval then we should start working on that problem. This was the first lesson I learned in my internship. 

There are so many other experiences I have experienced during this internship. But, it is not feasible to write every single experience. Now I do not have any coding tasks (Feeling sad for that). But, before writing the code we should have to find an optimum solution to solve the problem. Then I can write efficient and clean code.

I took too much time as compared to my ability to understand the working environment of this company. Because yes it is very difficult to understand the way of thinking of Boss. He has optimum solutions for problems. And yes, it is very difficult to think from that point of view. I could not meet Boss's expectations and I am feeling very guilty for that. But I am trying to be better as per each task. I hope I will meet the Boss's expectations as soon as possible. This was all about internship experience at 'Krishagni Solutions Pvt Ltd'.
